Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to write our Simpson class.
We're going to create the Simpson model in which we will have all the information that we need regarding
to those Simpson's.
So in order to do that of course I'm going to create a new that swift file and I'm going to write my
class inside of that swift file so that we can create some objects from that model and we can display
them in our table view eventually.
So you know how to do that right.
Maybe you can try to do it on your own.
This is going to be exactly the same thing that we have done with the musician class.
So I suggest you pose the video and try to create your own Simpson class.
I hope you manage to make it so let's do it together.
I'm going to create a swift file over here and I'm going to name it Simpson.
OK so that's it.
So this is going to be exactly the same as before.
I'm going to go for class and this will be a class of Simpson and open that curly braces in which I
will have some properties.
So first purple property will be name.
So I'm going to initialize this to be an empty string and then a job and we're going to have an image
right.
So this is going to be a UI image as before.
So maybe you got stuck here somehow because we cannot call this UI image inside of our class because
we don't have the necessary library in order to call this.
We just have this import Foundation in here and this won't do the work rather than imparting the foundation
we have to import the UI kit.
Maybe you have understood that you have to import this library If so congratulations.
As you can see I can call the UI image over here.
So rather than saying just import foundation I'm going to have to import the UI kit here as well in
order to call this.
So again we have some different libraries we don't call everything at once.
So if we need something like that we can import whenever we need it.
So next thing what do we need.
We need to create those Homer objects or other objects right.
So let me write Simpson class or Simpson objects in the weave debt load.
We can come over here and we can create the Simpson object and we can actually make it work by giving
all the values that we want.
So for example I can say let Homer and this is going to be a Simpson object and I can go over and say
Homer dog name is Homer OK.
And we can go for Homer dot job I believe his job is nuclear safety inspector or something.
And the Homer image you I image name.
Let me open the parentheses find names and the name of that image is Homer.
So this is asking for a string.
So this is Homer and this will be fine.
And this is actually wanting us to force our rep this and that's OK.
Because we know Homer dot P and your Homer dog J.P. actually exists in our assets folder.
So we are certain that this is going to be work.
And this is fine.
We can't we can actually do that.
But I don't want to do that this way.
This will be too difficult for me to do this for every object.
Instead I just want to go over and create those without initializing the values.
And I'm just going to assign those values in a constructor.
Okay so name will be string.
Job will be a string image will be a UI image.
That's why I'm doing that in case of missing an age or in case of forgetting your value.
So this is much more safer.
Remember how we do that.
We can use spatial function called in it.
Right.
So this is an initialized declaration and inside of this I I can write whatever I want to do when an
object is created out of this class.
So I'm going to ask for a Simpson name and this will be a simple string and the Simpson job.
This will be again a string and as Simpson image this will be a you I image so I can come over here
and say name is Simpson's name.
OK.
Job is Simpson job.
And the image is also as Simpson image.
So does the Simpson image.
So let me do a comment B and see if there's something wrong.
Yeah I misspelled the image.
So this is working right now right.
I can create ad new object from the Simpson class using this initial laser and I believe this is much
more better than what we have done previously.
So we're going to use this class and this will be happening whenever I create a new object of Simpson
class.
So let's go ahead and try this.
So let me go to we've controller and let me delete everything in here because we're going to do the
same thing.
But right now this will give me an error if I do comment B as you can see and this won't even make sense.
So let me write it from the beginning.
So Simpson opened parentheses and it will ask me for some parameters parameters that we have defined
as an initial laser.
So for name I'm going to go for Homer Simpson for job nuclear safety.
And Simpson image is going to be a you eye image open parentheses.
Find the names and just say Homer here and with an exclamation point I believe in here and this is going
to be OK right.
This is much more safer in the previous way.
We could have just forgotten about the Simpson job for example and this will bring us some problems.
So here this is giving me some error Bart Simpson name is already there so I'm going to go for a comment
B.
And now this is OK.
So this is giving me some errors saying that you have created Homer but you haven't used it.
We're going to use it.
Don't worry.
So let's go and copy and paste this for a few times because we're going to create other objects as well.
So let's do this fast.
This is going to be Marge Marge Simpson Simpson job I believe she's not working right so she's going
to be a housewife if not my bad.
I really don't know.
So this is March and let's go for Bart.
So Bart Simpson.
Simpson job is student you are image name is Bart.
So let me go to fourth one.
So this is going to be Lisa and Lisa Simpson.
Simpson job.
She's a student as well and much better than Bart as far as I remember.
So let's go for Maggie and Simpson name is Maggie.
So her name was Margaret Maggie.
OK.
And job.
Let's say baby and the UI images Maggie.
So that's all that's all we have to do.
Right.
We have created our model objects and let's check the names.
Yeah.
Homer Lisa Maggie March.
So we're getting some warning saying that you have created all of these objects but you haven't actually
used them.
We're going to use them let's create a homer array in which we will have this Homer objects so you can
create an array like this and just say Homer March Bart Lisa and Maggie.
So this will be an array of Homer Simpson not Homer Simpson Bart Simpson objects.
OK.
Regarding to use leverage disarray in order to display those values in our table view.
So let's do that within the next lecture.